[MUSIC]
>> Kent C Dodds: Everybody
can go to the slides or
you can just copy this right here.
It is gitcheckout-fFEM/ and
then that 01.0-add-webpack.
And with that -f you're gonna blow
away all the work that you've done.
I'm sorry,hopefully
you're not too offended.
But let me talk about a couple
of the things that changed here.
Yeah, I'll leave that open,
so you can see that.
So we still are requiring the same things.
We did take in one more dependency
called webpack configure tells.
This is something that I wrote because I
think that functions look cleaner than.
And so what this gives us is several
things that simplify our webpack config,
but one of those things is this getIfUtils
where we can pass it our ENV object and
then it gives us back some functions that
we can invoke based off of that object.
And so we can just say ifProd source-map
otherwise eval and so like we'll be using
a couple functions from that also use if
not Prod and different things like that.
But I feel like it reads a little easier
than not totally, totally useful but
one other thing that this added was I
added a pre-build and a pre-build dev.
So this is quick like NPM scripts protip.
When NPM scripts,
when you say NPM run build one of
the first things it does is it checks for
other scripts that have lifecycle hooks
and one of those lifecycle hooks is pre.
And so if it finds something that
is pre and then that whatever
the name of the script you're running,
then it's gonna run the script first.
And so I'm using a package called rimraf
which is basically on a mac the VRM-RF.
On Windows, that's different and so
we have a package to just
delete that directory for us.
That way we don't have stale
builds between build runs so
hopefully that all makes sense.
It's not like totally crucial to
your understanding of webpack so
we skipped over that.
Also updated the validate
script to add build there so
that we make sure that we can validate
that the build can actually run.
So.